
 
Several recent studies, including Van Vliet et al. (2016), Bartos and Chester (2015), and Harto and Yan (2011), have attempted to assess the potential impact of changes in water availability on both hydropower generation and thermoelectric plant capacity by using a macroscale hydrology model forced with observed and projected meteorological forcing. Although these studies provide insight into how future changes in precipitation and temperature could potentially affect water-dependent electricity generation, they do not attempt to resolve the operations of the electricity system explicitly.
 
When assessing water resources changes, simulated natural flow is usually bias corrected before forcing operational water management models (e.g., Bureau of Reclamation 2016). Understanding simulation errors in integrated water modeling (i.e., regulated flow, stream temperature, and the development of associated postprocessing for application in sectoral models) is an area of future research. In our approach, hydropower generation and thermoelectric capacity are not directly estimated by using the reservoir models or by looking at water availability and stream temperature constraints. Instead, we rescale the baseline boundary conditions, that is, the 2010 hydropower potential generation obtained from the electricity model database used as a reference. For each hydrologic region, for all hydropower plants, the relative departure from the annual regulated flow from the 2010 reference, weighted by the plant generating capacity, is used to derive a regional adjustment. The regional adjustment is used as an energy constraint, or boundary condition, for the potential hydropower generation in the production cost model (Voisin et al. 2016). The potential hydropower generation at each power plant is adjusted with respect to 2010 annual regulated flow. For thermoelectric plants, the same approach is used but the adjustment at each plant is limited to 100%. The maximum generating capacity is assigned for the water availability condition in 2010. Thermoelectric capacity is derated less than 43% of the years in the 55-yr-long simulation. The adjustment and derating are further detailed in Voisin et al. (2016) and discussed in the first section of the online supplemental material ( -D-16-0253.2).
 
**DOWNLOAD ⇔ [https://quetralverti.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PM3](https://quetralverti.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PM3)**


 
The product is a time series of potential hydropower generation boundary conditions at each plant, which differs from actual hydropower generation provided by other studies. Potential hydropower is to provide different types of services to the grid including capacity reserve, renewable balancing, and firm generation. The output of PCM includes the optimized hydropower generation to be used for our analysis. The time series of derated thermoelectric plant capacity is consistent in space and time with the potential hydropower boundary conditions, which is strategic for the PCM optimization (e.g., the hydrothermal coordination) and which will affect the PCM estimated hydropower generation, production cost, and carbon emissions. The sensitivity of different PCM optimization approaches to boundary conditions is the subject of future research.
 
The seasonal predictability of the summer grid operations is evaluated by assessing the explained variance in grid performance metrics through the WSGIF given that over the western United States, the WSGIF should be fairly accurate by 1 April on the onset of snowmelt.
 
We hypothesize that grid operations should be sensitive to both ENSO and ENSO combined with PDO conditions because these modes of climate variability have been shown to drive interannual variability in water resources over the western United States (Redmond and Koch 1991; Hamlet and Lettenmaier 1999). We evaluate how regional and WECC-wide WSGIF are sensitive to ENSO conditions. We then explore the sensitivity of the grid operations performance metrics based on ENSO and PDO large-scale climate oscillations and discuss the cascade from ENSO to WSGIF to grid metrics.
 
Using a regression analysis of the annual-time-series WSGIF with ENSO and PDO indices, Table 2 shows the explained variance of the WECC-wide and regional WSGIF using the climate indices. As seen in the table, 37.4% of the WECC-wide WSGIF variance can be explained by the PDO index, while 23.6% can be explained by the ENSO index. It tends to indicate that both PDO and ENSO indices can be useful to predict WSGIF ahead of time and therefore the summer grid operations metrics.
 
Figure 3 shows the range of WSGIF for all years and specific years corresponding to ENSO and PDO phases for WSGIF in order to assess the median impact of those large-scale oscillations. WSGIF tends to be lower (droughts) in California during La Nia years and higher during El Nio years, which is consistent with hydroclimatology literature (Redmond and Koch 1991). The range of WSGIF also tends to be narrower during those years, which might support decision-making. The interannual variability over the PNW is much lower than over California. There is a good correlation between ENSO and WSGIF over the PNW (Table 2; 35.6% variance explained), and WSGIF tends to be drier (lower) during an El Nio year and wetter during positive phases of the PDO. At the WECC scale, the WSGIF tends to be lower during a La Nia event but with large uncertainty. During an El Nio the WECC WSGIF tends to be slightly drier, but the uncertainty is much lower with a reduced ensemble size. Even though the correlation with PDO at the WECC scale and regionally is relatively high, there is little resolution in projecting WSGIF based on the PDO index: the medians are about the same and the uncertainty remains similar to the whole climatology sample.

Grid impacts are assessed by four metrics: 1) unserved energy, 2) planning reserve margin, 3) total production cost for generation and delivery of electricity, and 4) carbon dioxide emissions from generation plants. Figure 4 represents the metrics based on a 2010 grid infrastructure for exposure to 55 years of water availability conditions.
 
Figure 4b shows the percentage of unserved energy for the month of August. During the 55-yr period, 5 years (1967, 1980, 1985, 1988, and 1989) would have seen significant unserved energy over the month of August under normal operations. Figure 4c shows the reserve margin (i.e., the planning reserve capacity). The minimum reserve requirement of 15% from NERC would not have been violated during any years that had a minimum reserve of 20%, even for the 5 years with unserved energy. It indicates the difference in the reserve margins definition between planning (sufficient capacity) and operations margin (unserved energy). While sufficient installed capacity may be in the system, when operating under conditions of low water availability, online resources may be unavailable or insufficient. This difference in definition further motivates to complement resource adequacy studies with the use of a PCM.
 
Three out of the five events with unserved energy occurred during neutral ENSO years and the other two during La Nia conditions. The PDO index provides little resolution; there are about as many unserved energy events distributed over the two phases.
 
We specifically explored August with the assumption that generation would be the largest constraint and not transmission. Results may vary for studies in June and July when operations should be more constrained by transmission capacities or other climate stressors. It may also further vary under climate change.
 
Climate variations associated with ENSO conditions and analyzed for application to hydrology studies often include precipitation, temperature, and storm tracks. Temperature trends tend to be more certain than precipitation trends. We analyzed here the sensitivity of power operations under water availability associated with ENSO conditions. The analysis could be complemented in the future with associated changes in temperatures, which would affect the agricultural water demand and the electricity demand. This is the subject of ongoing research.
 
The current modeling framework can be used to evaluate the performance of future grid infrastructures under evolving water availability conditions. Further understanding of how to cascade UCED operational constraints associated with water constrained hydropower generation and thermoelectric boundary conditions into grid expansion models, which do not consider the time-varying components of the constraints, is also the subject of ongoing research.
 
This paper provides benchmark characteristics for the electric power system in the western U.S. grid using 55 years of water-dependent boundary conditions in electricity generation that represent the historic variability of crucial water availability and their relevance to safe and reliable power supply. While interannual variability has been benchmarked for estimating the impacts on natural systems, the approach has never been applied to the electricity system. The value of establishing the baseline characteristics of grid operations with respect to long-term (55 years) water availability is that it can reveal potential vulnerabilities in the safe operation of large-scale regional electricity networks. This paper is the first to estimate 55 years of climate impacts on grid operations for the western U.S. grid. Time series of electricity grid operations metrics were derived for reliability (unserved energy, reserve margin) and economic perspective (production cost, carbon emission).
 
Future research toward improving the representation of nonstationary hydroclimate constraints, and opportunities, in UCED is needed to enhance the value of climate-related information toward more efficient and sustainable use of natural resources in power operations and more efficient and reliable